[Music]
and then the tube's beauty people who spoke
with him this time advances how to download and
install a new release there is deadly
kombat x right
the two programs in torrent the daemon
tools and let's lower this here the point
digital vehicle sound
this link you wait five seconds
The team closed the advertisement and
transfer redirect to website
Downloads
after you have downloaded the file you
if you click on it and it will open
This window in the top is good already.
6 to load the aac files and click
ok that's right is to lower you go on
but it 's a being downloaded into me
this file that is written on it and it
will start to roll the game with certain
image of the game will appear this here
this click on run setop
taxi choose the directory you
want to talk about the game will let're good
so even the next next stoll is him
it will take a little there for me only
About ten ten minutes is right.
When I finish installing, I'll be back.
took it back here hour after
I have finished managing the current band eva a
presence so far you select these
three options here and click on good finish
I will not stay because I already have
updated that will update the direct x
and I think it 's another program of the
microsoft that made its name is good
When will you tell me why I already have it?
updating and after explaining himself
will appear all and both for you
installed but it's just that the beauty ineti
change infinity here now you go there
come on click the start menu here in
computer comes and goes here where the disk is
in the image to the right is right
will have the crack canopy inside and you will
have a few more things to open up and
coop in all these files here only
now you go to the game directory where
if they installed as I am here you go
in the same party and reap here
ok will start copying yes and now it's just
play I'm going to cut a hole in already
of the game were needing everything
It works right that they are very
right
The game was not a Portuguese. It does not have
Portuguese but as soon as I find a link
to leave no Portuguese and the lines
I will also put a description're
right
So you can search but not only
on its own
also whistle a certain and now it's just you
I like to have undressed scenes from the video.
good is to make our game is also let
like local beauty